I had a camera -up -score on my side.
So my guys also helped me to make a different
sound.
I had a car that was allowed to be shot
at by the first one.
And the second one was made by a camera -up
-score.
I made a zoom -meter that was allowed to measure
the level of radiation at the distance.
And this is what I also helped a lot.
And my guys helped me to make the sound.
Even though I was a young girl, I had already
made the first sound.
It's about 3 or 4 months.
And then we had another episode.
I told him about Laflina.
We've already built a sarcophagus.
There are three.
What is the reality?
Here the walls are closed.
There everything is already cleaned.
The walls are cleaned.
At the level of the level,
the rest remains.
And then one of our theorists told me the idea.
And she didn't come to the head.
In fact, the sound is already...
The walls hold and let go.
She went up.
And as I said, the silent thought that she went
up and down.
In fact, the atmosphere is already different.
The sound is different from the atmosphere.
And it looks like a fountain.
And then you go from the roof to the fountain.
I didn't come to the head.
But it comes back.
And it comes back from the room.
It's not big, but it's still created.
They couldn't understand it clearly.
But it's a state place.
And then we checked this hypothesis.
In fact, this is really the case.
And then they cleaned it.
And then you go up and down.
And I said to the fountain, it came back from
the roof.
I said, Well,
it's a problem.
The wind is blowing.
It's about 100 meters.
It's blowing.
The energy is one megawatt.
I think it's blowing.
It's blowing.
And it's not even my work.
When you were on the whole country, you had to
do it.
So it's a matter of luck.
What did you come back to the garden?
You see, there are some moments.
And the first, I think, was a phenomenon in Polarysk.
And then they told me that there would be grants,
some French, and so on.
It was the default date of 1998, right?
That is, on this phone?
No, even before that.
Even before that.
I was thinking.
Well,
there are some elements.
The set of life, as they say.
We were not limited to resources for
research.
I don't say, as usual, but they say that we
were limited to equipment, we were able to...
To the Soviet Union.
Yes, yes, yes.
To get everything we wanted.
When I said that French grants would be there, they
would write grants.
How can I develop science?
It would be a kind of grant.
Where I didn't have any idea.
I think that's the subject I'm interested in.
So it's already a kind of optimism to learn science,
and it's interesting.
Because...
Well,
I think it's a very interesting idea.
What science is, what science is, what science is.
And to give it to anyone, it's because it's a
means of state.
That's good.
That's right.
That's why, on the other hand, I was able to
give it to them.
It's a little bit about your monetary dialogue.
Well, in short,
then I started thinking about it.
Then, as I was at the moment, when I was
in Kazakhstan, I had to move all my money, close
to the police station.
Yes, yes.
And the guys told me about it.
Well, I was able to give it to them.
I had already invited a friend, a scientist, a consultant.
Even there, there was an elementary radio in the phobia.
And I, as I always say, and not always, and
we had to wait for it.
We didn't politicize the topic, there were some cases there.
We didn't have to worry about it.
We just had to take some kind of a chemical
factory to destroy everything.
And they looked at the radio.
That's the case, too.
That's why, that's what I was afraid of,
interesting behavior.
And then, when I automatically returned,
I returned to the restaurant.
And so far, I returned, and I was working at
the station, and then I went to some enterprises.
Then I first went to Polygon, there was a simple
one.
And then,
at that time, I went to such a program in
the leader of Oblast, in the development, which was initiated
by the founder
of the lead program.
And we listened to all these lectures about climate change,
about all these things, and so on.
And then, so on.
Where did it go?
It was such a thing.
You know, you know, one of them was in Thailand,
one of them was there, in Zibab,
and then I went to this restaurant, which I didn't
go to.
And some of them in Moscow already went, that is,
in the middle.
And then, it was a team, you know,
all over the world,
from, for example, from a group of teams, from China,
it was a USSR team,
India,
that is, it was about
seven or eight countries of the world, not a part
of Pakistan, then, it turned out, it was a powerful,
launched program, and for that, so that, like, it turned
out, on the other hand, it was developed.
And then, I listened to the elections, and then, I
was surprised, and that's all, because, all the time, I
was surprised, I was surprised,
why didn't I wait there?
And then,
when I started to say, here, we, the person, should
stop the consumption, and so on.
What is it?
I was the boomerang, I was the boomerang, in 1990s,
and then,
if I recall, it was a woman.
She said,
I am clear that, the understanding of what to believe.
But you see, in your own countries, have the confidence
that they should be dependent on you, how we would
explain, you have to stay away from them.
You know who By the way, the summer of 2011,
after two months,
I lived in Yponsk, and I remember well that they
asked me not to use the conditioner,
because that's what happened.
And this is the Japanese law of service.
The state recommends it.
That's all.
We didn't use it at all.
That's right.
It was supposed to be in the potty.
It's still summer.
That's a good idea, Alena.
Every morning.
So, these are the requirements for the Japanese law.
After all, the Gaulsoski administration has been changed.
You have to improve yourself.
Well, this is especially for the Japanese nation.
That's what I think.
And I said, how do you see that Japanese law?
How do you see American law?
And you don't listen to the Japanese law.
And Europeans, somehow, could interest me in the war.
I see it.
In my opinion, the Americans are...
They are going to go to the big ones.
Yes, yes, yes.
They will not think, they will not decide on the
other side.
That is why...
I have this...
The electric...
I was silent...
I started to talk, talk.
Then I was surprised.
The difference between those...
The technology and the humanitarian.
For me, this was...
This shock was such.
Because you used...
No, no, no.
The question is the answer.
And it takes...
3 minutes.
And they have a question for 10 minutes.
I answer 15 minutes.
I can't accept it.
How can I answer such a question so long?
So...
And then I realized that...
These...
At that time, there were strange things.
I realized that they wanted to make it a reality.
That is, they have recorded it.
They have a protocol.
If you want to answer the question...
Interadaction, this...
And you will answer immediately from the end.
Yes, yes.
Of course, the result is...
If you want to answer the question, tell us.
Yes, yes.
Well, these are physics, mathematics, science.
And they are even science.
And I was surprised that...
This is the difference, by the way.
When Americans talk to them, they are also simple.
They don't talk so much.
Yes, yes.
They are fast, fast and all.
And this is a characteristic for...
Maybe it's for the British too.
It's interesting.
And in 10 years before...
It's not like that, right?
Yes, and I came and offered to do this topic.
It was...
I left a focal point to take the climate.
That is, all the questions that are associated with it.
It was an international question.
And I went to the conference to take the climate.
I decided to understand what is going on.
What is the conversation?
Who is dominating?
What is going on?
Well, in fact, it's very politicized.
And...
Although the idea...
To take the scientists, in fact.
And then...
It was a conversation of the process.
And...
Diplomatia.
And then...
Kiodsky Protocol.
And so on.
In 2009, we ratified Kiodsky Protocol.
And I just didn't read it.
That's all I have to say.
Did you study it?
Yes,
I studied it.
We ratified Kiodsky Protocol.
It was a very politicized thing.
And then...
Kiodsky Protocol is...
What is going on?
It's a conversation about the fact that the countries are
taking care of the release of the release.
And there were, for example, legal release of the release.
And many countries are afraid of it.
So the states are regularly changing the positions.
There are also democracies that are changing every time.
And even the city is still not supporting this.
No, there is no circumstances, right?
No, there is a circumstances.
And you are talking about it?
Yes, you are talking about it, but we don't care
about it.
I think it's not like that.
That's what I am talking about.
I think that I finished it.
and climate change, and so on.
And so we continue to study a good project in
the development of the FNU.
And I will connect some of the students.
Great.
One question, let's imagine that we have
parents who want their children,
or teachers for physics, let's focus on parents.
Parents and teachers can be there in middle school, at
the age of 12 or so.
When you have a logical thinking, it's interesting,
if you are familiar with it.
Can you bring an example of physics, which, as
a young person, can
be in love with physics or interested in it?
What do you mean by that?
Well,
for those who don't know about physics, or even didn't
go to school, or maybe they were interested in it.
That is, it's an interesting character.
It's a simple task for me.
It was such a thing.
Did she remember you?
Yes.
The Earth is spinning around the Sun.
It's a known period.
You can see it, right?
For example,
how long will it be to fall on the Sun?